If you and someone else were the only people alive on Earth, who would you pick the other person to be?
Who would be the worst to be trapped in an elevator with?
Who in this room do you trust the most?
Who do you think is the worst-dressed person in this room?
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
Who has the best dance moves?
Who's the most annoying person in this room?
If you had to live together forever, who would you choose?
With whom would you trust to do a trust fall near a cliff?
With whom would you switch lives for a week?
Who do you think has the easiest life?
Who do you think has the biggest ego?
If you had an apple in your mouth, who would you trust to put an arrow in it?
Who would be the first to pick a fight with anyone?
You and somebody have to be stitched together forever. Who?
Who do you look up to most?
With whom would you have the ability to freeze time together?
Against whom would you go sword fighting?
Who would you call an angel?
Who would you call a demon?
Who, if they had a chance, would not leave their room for a week?
To whom wouldn't you share your deepest secrets?
Who would be the first person to die if the world were ending?
Who is the most Gen Z?
Who would jump into a lake right now just because?
Whom would you wrestle with?
With whom would you be stuck in a room for 50 hours?
Who is most likely to win a Nobel Prize award?
Who is most likely to become a bestselling author?
Who is most likely to never get along with their family?
Who is most likely to travel without taking a single picture?
Who is more likely to be the best parent?
Who's most likely to win a fart contest?
Who cries the most?
Who is most likely to pick litter off the beach?
Who is most likely to say something embarrassing?
Who is most likely to trip over their own feet?
Who is most likely to fart really loudly in public?
Who is most likely to burp really loudly in public?
Who is most likely to walk into a glass door?
Who is most likely to lend a hand to a random person?
Who is most likely to be a volunteer?
Who is most likely to take a bath in an abandoned washroom?
Who is most likely to call random numbers?
Who is most likely to play a prank on parents?
Who is most likely to call a teacher at midnight?
Who is most likely to join a circus?
Who is most likely to only watch 3D movies?
Who is most likely to host the best party?
Who is most likely to dance in public?
Who is most likely to sing all the time?
Who is hiding a big secret from their parents?
Who has the best gut feeling?
Who would choose to live in a fictional world, if they could?
Who can’t live without a social network?
Who is the pickiest person in the group?
Who is most likely to cry while watching a movie?
Who can sleep anywhere?
Who would change their name, if they could?
Who makes the worst food?
Who wears the same pants the entire week?
Who peed their pants the most as kids?
Who is most likely to move into a van?
Who treats their pets like their own babies?
Who is likely to go to jail?
Who likes to wear make-up while sleeping?
Who is most likely to get a Ph.D.?
Who is most likely to adopt a child?
Who is most likely to cry over something minor?
Who could spend hours getting ready?
Who here is most likely to become a social media influencer?
Who is most likely to win the lottery?
Who has the most selfies on their phone?
Who here is most likely to forget their own birthday?
Who is most likely to wear mismatched clothing?
Who would make animal noises in public?
Who has the best immune system?
Who is the clumsiest?
Who is most likely to miss a flight?
Who has the messiest house?
Who has the hardest time falling asleep at night?
Who is the pickiest eater?
Who always likes to be outside?
Who gives the best hugs?
Who is most likely to tell a lie?
Who is most likely to help out with cooking dinner?
Who is most likely to get famous?
Who is most likely to bring an animal home?
Who is most likely to keep secrets?
Who is the worst at finishing a book?
Who is the worst at keeping calm during stressful situations?
Who is the worst at public speaking?
Who is most likely to win a gold medal in the Olympics?
Who is most likely to remember the important dates?
Who is most likely to go to a party in their pajamas?
Who is most likely to bark in public?
Most likely to help the homeless?
Who do you think is an Internet stalker?
Who is most likely to play a bad guy role in a movie?
With whom would it be most awkward to share a bed with?
Who will probably die the youngest?
Who will die the oldest?
With whom would you run away from home?
With whom would you rob a bank?
Who is most likely to give a kidney to a loved one with no regrets?
Who is most likely to fall in love with their school teacher?
Who is most likely to marry a foreigner?
With whom would you go protesting?
Who's most likely to marry for something other than love?
Who is most likely to party all summer?
Who is most likely to betray their friends during tests/exams?
Who is most likely to be a pickpocket?
Who gives good relationship advice?
Who is most likely to get a bad tattoo?
Who is most likely to break someone's heart?
Who would make the best parent?
Who's the worst at flirting?
Who is most likely to be the more affectionate and cuddly partner?
If you had to sensually stroke one other player's leg for 5 min, who would it be?
Who would you hate to see naked?
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
Who is the most submissive?
Who is the most dominant?
If you had to lick somebody's toes, whose would you pick?
Who is most likely to be complimented on their sexual technique?
Who do you think lies about the size of their junk or chest size?
With whom would you most likely make a porn video?
Who is most likely to get their car keyed?
Who is most likely to stay in a toxic relationship?
Who is most likely to stay up late sexting with random strangers on the internet?
Whom do you see doing BDSM sex?
Who does stupid things when drunk?
Who would take the first shot?
Who is most likely to bark in public?
Who's most likely to smoke a joint in a public place?
Who is most likely to have sex in public?
Who is most likely to be the loudest during sex?
Who is most likely to have the most inventive position in bed?
Who is most likely to blow weed smoke in the face of a cop?
Most likely to finger a stranger?
Who is most likely to have had phone sex?
Who is most likely the biggest pervert?
Who is most likely to have a wet dream tonight?
Who is most likely to fake an orgasm?
Which three people would have a threesome?
Who out of the group would be sober at a party?
Who would be a prostitute?
Who is most likely to get hooked on drugs?
Who is most likely to get hooked on alcohol?
Who would be most likely to cheat?
Who would be most likely to streak?
Who is the most kinky?
Who likes to stay naked in their home?
Who could do the best striptease?
Who here is most likely to accidentally fall asleep during sex?
Who would fall in love with a one-night stand?
Who is most likely to initiate sex?
Who is most likely to be the more affectionate and cuddly partner?
Who is most likely to Google sex positions?
Who in the room do you think would be a bad date?
If you had to kill one person in the room, who would it be?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building, and you had to leave one person behind, who would it be?
Who in this room would you make out with?
With whom would you go to a nude beach?
Who is the gayest of them all?
Who would you pick to help you hide a body?
Who has the biggest big dick energy?
Who would probably be single longest?
Who is the most likely to become a crackhead?
Who is most likely to stalk their ex?
Who would you sacrifice first to the elder god?
Who is most likely to end up in a mental institution?
Whom would you throw into the fire if necessary?
Whom would you kill and not tell anyone about it?
Who is most likely to get arrested?
Who is most likely to go to jail?
Who is most likely to murder someone?
Who is likely to blackmail someone?
Who here would be the worst person to open a joint bank account with?
Who is most likely to purposely wear revealing clothing to a family function?
Who is most likely to get away with murder?
To whom would you give a hickey right now?
